I’ll make this short and sweet. I grew up in Cary, North Carolina after my dad was transferred from MA with a company called Data General. He later worked for IBM and brought home one of the first [IBM Aptiva PCs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_Aptiva "First PC!"). I was hooked on PC gaming, networking, building gaming computers, and LAN parties. In the end, I decided I didn’t want to make my hobby my job, so instead, got into sales after college.

After a successful career in telecommunications sales and Airbnb rental investing in Charleston, SC, my focus has shifted back to my original hobby, technology. In March of 2020, right before NYC was shut down, I finished my in-person Software Engineering 15-week immersive at Flatiron School Manhattan. I feel so thankful to have been able to finish my whole program in person. The sense of community and passion for code seemed as if it were a fragrance you pick up as soon as you walk in the door.

For safety reasons (2020, right?), I have moved back to Charleston, where I remotely interned at Errunds. Their goal is to connect local brick and mortar stores with the communities, starting with a bodega in NYC, through an app built in React Native, Express, Apollo GraphQL and PostgreSQL. It was a real pleasure working with some of the most up to date technologies out.

Recently I have finished a co-op program with Hatchways.io. It was a great program with actionable feedback avenues including code reviews, technical reviews/interviews, and peer reviews. You can check out the final product [here](https://mock-interview-platform.herokuapp.com/ "Mock Technical Interview Platform"). I am currently looking for my next opportunity so if you would like to reach out and discuss potential roles in your company, my email is tim@rines.io.
